What do I want to learn or understand better?
I want to become better at seeing the whole picture of what we are working on. It feels like I sometimes get too focused on the user story or feature me and my group
is working on and not completely understanding how it fits into the entire application. Therefore I want to become better at asking questions to other team members making sure I understand what they work on.
I also want to become better at solving problems whenever those can be found in the code, this is something I feel like I am learning from my team mates as they are often better at debugging and deconstructing issues we are having.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By asking better questions during our weekly meetings I think I can spark discussion so that everyone is able to learn more. This also helps with creating an atmosphere where team members
feel like they are able to ask questions, speeding up the learning process.

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
I have actively participated in discussions during our sprint meetings and also been apart of discussing how we could improve on our application of scrum during our sprint review and retrospective.
I think it is important to individually reflect and then bring up relevant thoughts and questions with the group so that your ideas can be tested with everyone.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This week I assisted my team in working on implementing a feature for users to add their own categories in the application and then we also worked on creating a new detailed item view where users could remove and edit items.
During the work we also realized we might have to change how we workwith views in the application and then we collectively tried to figure out a better solution in Android Studios.
Here I felt like it was hard for me to contribute as much as my fellow group members, they were more efficient at coming up with solutions than I was.
It was a learning experience though and I got to learn how to become better at problem solving in programming and how you can use both the IDE and the internet to aid you in solving the problem.
